Create a short intro to LN tiles for dashboard. (#1146)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Dashboard.md

# Dashboard 

:::tip

> Balance graph and recent transactions are available only for an on-chain payment method. Information about Lightning network balances and transactions is on the to-do. As of BTCPay Server Version 1.6.0, basic Lightning Network information is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Balance graph and recent transactions are available only for an on-chain payment method. 
Information about Lightning network balances and transactions is on the to-do. As of BTCPay Server Version 1.6.0, basic Lightning Network balances are available.
```

##  Dashboard tiles

In the main dashboard view, you'll find a couple of tiles that we think could help you quickly overview your store's performance.

### Wallet Balance 

> This is the current store [Wallet](Wallet.md) balance.  The view shows a balance graph by week, month, or a year. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current store's [wallet](Wallet.md) balance, showing a graph by week, month, or year. 
```

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/tx-activity-view.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

### Lightning Balance

> This will show your available balance in `Lightning Channels` and your `On-Chain` Bitcoin balance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This will show the available balances for your Lightning node. 
Please note that the on-chain balance refers to the wallet of your store's Lightning node, not the store's general on-chain wallet.

```

> The `Node Info` will show you a quick overview of your nodes Name, if it's online and the address to connect to for peers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Node Info` will show you a quick overview of your node, it's online status and the address to connect to for peers. 
```
